| cip  | title                              | author                | status | type            | category | created   |
| ---- | ---------------------------------- | --------------------- | ------ | --------------- | -------- | --------- |
| 004  | Ceres needs a dual token mechanism | WalterKohn,AndrewOlah | Draft  | Standards Track | ERC      | 2021-6-21 |



## Abstract

It is recommended to design a dual token mechanism in Ceres, one is a stablecoin token, linked to a stable value. Another token has Ceres value capture rights and governance rights.

## Motivation

The goal of the algorithmic stablecoin project is to create a stablecoin linked to a certain legal currency or digital asset, but it is not enough to design one stablecoin in this system. The success of an algorithmic stablecoin project requires not only stability, but also a large enough scale. Without scale, it is impossible to achieve true stability. Therefore, Ceres needs a certain degree of scalability and continues to be large-scale. This requires the design of another token to capture the value of Ceres, so that this token can obtain value growth through the growth of Ceres scale, realize the positive spiral of scale growth and token value growth, and inspire the continued expansion of Ceres. At the same time, this token is also a governance token, and the community manages the development of the project by holding the token.

## Specification

Display of related contracts.

## Implementation

Code display of related contracts.

## Backwards Compatibility

There are no backwards compatibility concerns.

## Copyright

Copyright and related rights waived via [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
